#29010 typos fixed. (#1)
postsharp/Caravela.Documentation: conceptual/Aspects/Templates.md

The entry point of the compile-time API is the <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta> static class. The name of this class is intentionally lower case to convey the sentiment that it is something unusual and gives access to some kind of magic. The <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta> class is the entry point to the meta model and the members of this class can be invoked only in the context of a template.

The <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta> exposes the following members:

> - <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.Proceed?text=meta.Proceed> method invokes the target method or accessor being intercepted, which can be either the next aspect applied on the same target or the target source implementation itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.Proceed?text=meta.Proceed> method invokes the target method or accessor being intercepted, which can be either the next aspect applied on the same target or the target source implementation itself.
```

> - <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.Target?text=meta.Target> property gives access to the declaration to which the template is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.Target?text=meta.Target> property gives access to the declaration to which the template is applied.
```

> - <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.IMetaTarget.Parameters?text=meta.Target.Parameters> property gives access to the current method or accessor parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.IMetaTarget.Parameters?text=meta.Target.Parameters> property gives access to the current method or accessor parameters.
```

> - <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.Diagnostics?text=meta.Diagnostics> property allows your aspect to report or suppress diagnostics. See <xref:diagnostics> for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.Diagnostics?text=meta.Diagnostics> property allows your aspect to report or suppress diagnostics. See <xref:diagnostics> for details.
```

> - <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.This?text=meta.This> property represents the `this` instance. Together with <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.Base?text=meta.Base>, <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.ThisStatic?text=meta.ThisStatic>, and <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.BaseStatic?text=meta.BaseStatic> properties, it allows your template to access members of the target class using dynamic code (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.This?text=meta.This> property represents the `this` instance. Together with <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.Base?text=meta.Base>, <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.ThisStatic?text=meta.ThisStatic>, and <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.BaseStatic?text=meta.BaseStatic> properties, it allows your template to access members of the target class using dynamic code (see below).
```

> - <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.Tags?text=meta.Tags> property gives access to an arbitrary dictionary that has been passed to the advice factory method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.Tags?text=meta.Tags> property gives access to an arbitrary dictionary that has been passed to the advice factory method.
```

> - <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.CompileTime*?text=meta.CompileTime> method coerces a neutral expression into a compile-time expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.CompileTime*?text=meta.CompileTime> method coerces a neutral expression into a compile-time expression.
```

### Aspect members

> Aspect members are compile-time and can be accessed from templates. For instance, an aspect custom attribute can define a property that can be set when when the custom attribute is applied to a target declaration and it can be accessed from the aspect's compile-time code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aspect members are compile-time and can be accessed from templates. For instance, an aspect custom attribute can define a property that can be set when when the custom attribute is applied to a target declaration and then read from the aspect compile-time code.
```

### Capturing run-time expressions into compile-time objects

> If you want to manipulate a run-time expression as a compile-time object, you can do it using the <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.DefineExpression*?text=meta.DefineExpression> method. This allows you to have expressions that depend on compile-time conditions and control flows. The <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.DefineExpression*> method returns an <xref:Caravela.Framework.Code.IExpression>, the same interface returned by <xref:Caravela.Framework.Aspects.meta.ParseExpression*>.  <xref:Caravela.Framework.Code.IExpression>, which is a compile-time object that you can use anywhere in compile-time code. It exposes the run-time expression in the <xref:Caravela.Framework.Code.IExpression.Value> property.

Reviewer: Incorrect grammar.
